HONEY IS SWEET BUT BEES BITE
Ah, the classic case of partner jealousy! Patrinah, bless her heart, couldn't shake off the feeling that something fishy was going on between Lillian and me. Patrinah's suspicions were like a persistent itch that just wouldn't go away. 

I remember countless arguments where I found myself defending my friendship with Lillian, assuring Patrinah that there was nothing going on between us besides besties with no strings attached. But try as I might to convince Patrinah otherwise, she just couldn't seem to shake off her doubts. 
And to make matters worse, her dislike for Lillian seemed to grow with each passing day. She'd shoot me dirty looks whenever she saw me speaking to Lillian via the phone, and I could sense the tension growing. It's like she saw Lillian as this looming threat to our relationship, even though Lillian had never done anything to warrant such animosity.

It was frustrating, to say the least. I felt like I was constantly walking on eggshells, trying not to upset either Patrinah or Lillian. And all the while, I couldn't help but wonder if there was some truth to Patrinah's suspicions. But deep down, I knew that Lillian and I were just best friends – albeit extremely close ones. And no matter how much Patrinah doubted our relationship, nothing could shake the bond that Lillian and I shared.

But hey, what can you do? Sometimes, no matter how hard you try to reassure your partner, their insecurities just get the better of them. And unfortunately for Lillian, she bore the brunt of Patrinah's suspicions, all because of our close friendship. Little did I know that she would fall into shit one day.

It was just another ordinary day, with the sun shining and birds chirping – you know, the whole nine yards. I left my phone innocently lying at the table, assuming nothing out of the ordinary would occur. Little did I know that a simple phone call would turn everything upside down. You see, Lillian, being her usual self, decided to give me a call, probably to chat about something random or share a funny story.

Now, normally, that would have been no big deal. Actually, it would have been a cause for celebration – a chance to catch up with my bestie and shoot the breeze. But alas, the universe had other plans!

When Patrinah answered the phone instead of me, well, let's just say things went south real quick. So as luck would have it, Lillian's call comes in just when I'm out of sight, leaving Patrinah to play the unsuspecting receptionist. And let me tell you, things took a nosedive faster than you can say "awkward."

Lo and behold, Lillian, innocently calling on my phone, probably expecting an answer from her bestie or something. But nope, it's Patrinah on the other end, and things quickly take a nosedive. How could I have been so careless, leaving my phone lying around like that? It was a rookie mistake, and now Lillian was paying the price.

Can you imagine the sheer bewilderment on Lillian's end? One minute, she's trying to reach me, and the next, she's being subjected to a verbal assault from my girlfriend. Talk about being caught off guard!

Instead of reaching me, her call ended up in the hands of none other than Patrinah, my girlfriend at the time. And let's just say, things took an unexpected turn from there. I can only imagine how shocked and confused she must have been, confronted with hostility from someone she barely knew.

Now, Patrinah, wasn't exactly thrilled to hear Lillian's voice on the other end of the line. In fact, she reacted with all the subtlety of a thunderstorm in full fury. From what I gathered later on, the conversation was less of a friendly exchange and more of a verbal battleground, with Patrinah launching insults and accusations like there was no tomorrow.

Meanwhile, poor Lillian found herself caught in the crossfire, completely blindsided by the sudden ambush of hostility. Imagine being in her shoes, expecting to chat with a bestie and instead being met with an arsenal of verbal attacks from someone you barely know. It was a situation no one could have anticipated, and certainly not one Lillian deserved to be thrust into. 

When I finally got wind of what went down, I was equal parts shocked and mortified. How could I have been so careless, leaving my phone unattended like that? It was a careless mistake, one that I vowed never to repeat again. 

As I spoke to Lillian in the aftermath of the chaos, I couldn't help but feel a pang of guilt gnawing at me. Here she was, subjected to unwarranted hostility, all because of my absent-mindedness. It was a sobering reminder to always be mindful of the ripple effects of our actions.

But credit where credit's due – Lillian handled the whole debacle like an absolute pro. Despite the hurtful words hurled her way, she remained composed and level-headed. She handled herself with respect and dignity. She didn't go low to Patrinah's level or retaliate in kind.

In the aftermath of the unexpected phone call debacle, I made a vow to myself: never again would I leave my phone unattended, especially in the hands of someone who might not appreciate the responsibility that comes with it. And as for Lillian, she deserved nothing but my sincerest apologies and assurances that I would do everything in my power to prevent such a situation from ever happening again.

From that day on, I made sure to keep a closer eye on my stuff. I should be more vigilant, more responsible.

So, if there's one takeaway from this whole debacle, it's this: from now on, always keep a close eye on your stuff, folks. Especially when it means sparing your buddies from unnecessary drama.
 
It was a hard lesson learnt, but one that ultimately served as a wake-up call to be more mindful in the future. And as for Patrinah... well, let's just say she owes Lillian a big apology.
